docs(builder): add note about v3.0 vs v2.0 plugins (#2882)
yarnpkg/berry: packages/yarnpkg-builder/README.md

A CLI tool designed for creating, building, and managing complex plugins.

> This version of the builder is for creating plugins for Yarn 3.x. Yarn 3 plugins are not compatible with Yarn 2 installations, however Yarn 2 plugins are usually compatible with Yarn 3. If you wish to create plugins for Yarn 2, please use v2.x of the builder (`yarn add @yarnpkg/builder@^2`).

Reviewer: We usually put pieces of advice in blockquotes:

```suggestion
> This version of the builder is for creating plugins for Yarn 3.x. Yarn 3 plugins are not compatible with Yarn 2 installations, however Yarn 2 plugins are usually compatible with Yarn 3. If you wish to create plugins for Yarn 2, please use v2.x of the builder (`yarn add @yarnpkg/builder@^2`).
```

> This version of the builder is for creating plugins for Yarn 3.x. Yarn 3 plugins are not compatible with Yarn 2 installations, however Yarn 2 plugins are usually compatible with Yarn 3. If you wish to create plugins for Yarn 2, please use v2.x of the builder (`npm install @yarnpkg/builder@^2`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This version of the builder is for creating plugins for Yarn 3.x. Yarn 3 plugins are not compatible with Yarn 2 installations, however Yarn 2 plugins are usually compatible with Yarn 3. If you wish to create plugins for Yarn 2, please use v2.x of the builder (`yarn add @yarnpkg/builder@^2`).
```
